>> Steve Kinney: There is one more thing
we need to do to make this for realzies.
Anyone know what that is?
What's the problem with
my application right now?
Where do I have to go to get it?
>> Student: It's on
Logohost.
>> Steve Kinney: Logohost,
if I'm on the go and someone wrongs me,
how am I gonna deal with that?
How am I gonna record that infraction?
All right this needs to go to
the Internet before it's really reals.
So enter awsmobile publish.
And this is going to first push up
any backend changes that I made,
cuz that's important.
And then it's going to build my react app.
And then it's going to take
that build react app and
move it to an S3 bucket in Amazon.
And then it's gonna take
that origin source and
put it behind a CDN distributed
around the world, right?
Because I picked USC one.
We discussed earlier
that's Northern Virginia.
Right, if I was in DC,
super quick to get to.
Jersey, not bad either.
Here, pretty fast.
Sydney, Melbourne,
that's gonna be a lot like speed of light.
There are physical limitations to how fast
you can get to stuff on the Internet.
So rather than trying to guess,
well, actually all my users
are actually in Bangalore.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put it
in India, and then, no, don't do that.
The trick is just put your app everywhere,
right?
And so with the CloudFront CDN,
you basically distribute it to 77 and
growing, hopefully like my suspicion is in
a month that number will already be old,
which is great.
Places around the world and
then basically all of your users
go to wherever this is closest.
We actually did this at our
clients up at Sun Grid.
Originally it was hosted
out of Chicago and
we saw that our response time before
somebody in China even got the first byte.
We noticed that despite the fact,
I’ll tell you a little site secret,
is that we don’t even know how
to take non-American dollars but
we still have an eighth of
our customers in India.
They would have to go all the way to
Chicago to even figure out what the first
byte of the HTML page was.
So by switching that at the CloudFront
you can see huge performance gains really
quickly simply by taking the web page and
moving it closer to them, physically.
That seems like the most silliest
thing but I'm gonna take it and
I'm just gonna move it closer to you and
now you get it faster.
Cool, so now we've pushed everything up.
Let's take a look.
I was busy talking.
We're retreiving,
I think we're still building the back end.
Right, this is gonna be distributed
on S3 via CloudFront and
we see a bunch of kind
of interesting stuff.
All of this is configured for
us, all right.
Another course that we're gonna do at one
point is a whole thing about okay, so I
actually have an application, and I wanna
do all this AWS infrastructure by hand.
And that is a workshop in and
of itself, right.
It takes a lot of time,
configurage, and tweaking.
Here, we're gonna get a pretty solid
configuration right out of the box.
I actually looked at the CloudFront
distribution that was made, and
it was almost identical to the one I spent
the better part of a day tweaking by hand,
which makes you feel really great and
warm inside.
And the thing is too, I could literally
spin up a CloudFront distribution
using Mobile Hub, and then go take and
use it for some different app.
Or even copy those settings, so
it's also a great way if you're trying
to figure out what is a thing that I do.
So here it is on S3 and
we can go ahead and
we'll say hello and now I have to play
the game of remembering my password from
earlier.
>> Steve Kinney: Hey,
there it is and
you can see my data's already synced.
This is the same day that I was
working with a development.
So I was basically working on the
production back end as I was going along.
Here it is.
It's in production.
That is a real website that I can hit.
If you don't like that one, there's also
a CloudFront one which is shorter but
equally as hard to remember.
That'll work for you.
The CloudFront one is obviously
better cuz it's distributed globally.
Also it has HTTPS by default because
this is very sensitive information.
We would like to encrypt it over the wire.
Amazon, well you can actually register
domain names in Route 53 through
the middle and also get free SSL certs.
So if you register through Amazon Route
53 there's just a button that says
generate me a certificate.
And then you go into CloudFront, and
you hit a drop down, and then you put it,
and you're good to go.
That's another course
that we'll do one day.
So here's my application.
It's deployed, it's in production, it has
got a back end, I did very little work.
As you saw, just basically
adding the API endpoints but
all of our infrastructure was built for
us.
And again, this is weapons
grade infrastructure, right,
this is serious, and
I know DB can scale, right?
That is a known factor, but
this is bulletproof authentication.
This has a user dashboard,
this has all of these things in place.